Montpellier and 7th of the championship and
welcomes valenciennes with jonas martin
holder in the middle of the pitch this is the
choice of rené girard
Valenciennes moves to the motion in
as twelfth of the ranking and with
open gate at the tip of the attacked
the young striker replace the
many absent in this sector no
the tallec de pujol or aboubakar
for valenciennes daniel sanchez is
also private say there maintain one in
defense most of the absent ones are
yet Montpellier to hover
jeunechamp are suspended
marveaux estrada protruding bocaly and ait
fana are all injured
for Montpellier the first opportunity
and yet for the shock of France and
it's the good opening of the score
signed under the valves to camara at the 18th
minute of the match excellent service of
remy cabella who succeeds his sixth
decisive pass of the season and 9th goal
for the Senegalese striker the answer
Valenciennes with this little balloon
smart in the surface the recovery
the outside of the foot during
difficult no success for them
attackers and midfielders
Valenciennes as remi gomis very
active in the match one more
possibility with this breakthrough open gate
who turns around and equalizes to five
minutes of the half-time third goal of
the season for him
it replaces well the holders well
served by the Israeli playmaker
death melixon 1 goal everywhere between
two teams
Valenciennes needs to catch up with
his last performances
a victory only on the eleven
last matches home defeat
against bastia very badly spent at the
staff and leaders their second
montpellier period show more than
force more character huge opportunity
to take the advantage for jonas
martin the young midfielder is
not paid for his effort but the
Montpellier insists with a
new possibility on this center the
ball that comes back second post and the
Daniel's goal
at the hour of play it 's buzz
first goal of the season for the former
Toulouse
who had a difficult year under the
Montpellier jersey and he held the
blow and they score a goal that makes him
much good
montpellier the second best team
of the championship at home 9 wins 4
Draws and only 2 losses is good
gone to win at 2 1 and again
over at 3 then 1 to 4 minutes from the end and
younes belhanda marks the goal of the
final victory his ninth goal
this montpellier season stayed on
three games without a win but
is clearly needed 3 against Valenciennes